README.md, before:

# moov-android

Moov Android SDK

![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/moovfinancial/moov-android)
![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/android_version-29%2B-green?logo=android)


## Documentation

SDK documentation can be found [here](https://moovfinancial.github.io/moov-android/).

## Usage

To integrate the Moov Android SDK into your project, add Github as a repository to your `settings.gradle.kts`:

```
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url = uri("https://maven.pkg.github.com/moovfinancial/moov-android")
            credentials {
                username = System.getenv("GITHUB_USER")
                password = System.getenv("GITHUB_TOKEN")
            }
        }
        ...
    }
}
```

You will also need to set the following environment variables:
- `GITHUB_USER`: your Github username
- `GITHUB_TOKEN`: a Github personal access token (PAT) with the `packages:read` scope

Next, register the library in your `gradle/libs.versions.toml`:

```toml
[versions]
moov-sdk = "0.1.0"
...

[libraries]
moov-sdk-debug = { group = "io.moov", name = "android-sdk-debug", version.ref = "moov-sdk" }
moov-sdk = { group = "io.moov", name = "android-sdk", version.ref = "moov-sdk" }
...
```

Finally, add the library as a dependency to the module in your application which will be using the SDK:

```
dependencies{
    // moov SDK
    debugImplementation(libs.moov.sdk.debug)
    releaseImplementation(libs.moov.sdk)

    ...
}
```

Commit message:

docs: update README now that SDK is on Maven Central

README.md, after:

# moov-android

Moov Android SDK

![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.moov/android-sdk?color=77a5ff)
![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/android_sdk-29%2B-green?logo=android)
![OpenJDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/jdk-11%2B-red?logo=openjdk)


## Documentation

SDK documentation can be found [here](https://moovfinancial.github.io/moov-android/).

## Usage

The Moov Android SDK is published to Maven Central, so ensure it is configured in your `settings.gradle.kts`:

```
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
        ...
    }
}
```

Next, register the library in your `gradle/libs.versions.toml`:

```toml
[versions]
moov-sdk = "0.1.1"
...

[libraries]
moov-sdk = { group = "io.moov", name = "android-sdk", version.ref = "moov-sdk" }
...
```

Finally, add the library as a dependency to the module in your application which will be using the SDK:

```
dependencies{
    // moov SDK
    implementation(libs.moov.sdk)

    ...
}
```
